=head1 NAME

TicketBarcode

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This package adds a barcode to the PDF version of a ticket (generated via ticket print).

=head1 CONFIGURATION

After installation you can configure the module via SysConfig in the admin area. Config options:

=over 4

=item * TicketBarcode::BarcodeType

This option defines what type of barcode is printed in the PDF version of the ticket. Currently four types are supported.

=over 4

=item * EAN8

=item * EAN13

=item * QR

=item * Code39

=back

Even though the SysConfig defines only four supported barcode types, this packages should support all barcode types that can be generated with the Perl module C<GD::Barcode>. You can add those types by editing I<Kernel/Config/Files/TicketBarcode.xml>.

=item * TicketBarcode::BarcodeAttribute

Defines which ticket attribute is encoded in the barcode. Please note that EAN8 and EAN13 barcodes can handly only numeric attributes that are not longer than the number in the name (EAN8: 8-digit numbers, EAN13, 13-digit numbers).

=item * TicketBarcode::BarcodeTicketURL

If you use QR codes you can encode the ticket URL in the barcode. If this option is enabled, it overrides the value of C<TicketBarcode::BarcodeAttribute>.

=item * TicketBarcode::RebuildBarcode

If enabled, the barcode is rebuilt when the barcode type or the attribute changed.

=back

=head1 COMPATIBILITY WITH OTHER ADDONS

Unfortunately, you can't use this add on when you are using ITSMIncidentProblemManagement or any other module that overrides C<Kernel::Modules::AgentTicketPrint>.

If you're interested in improving the compatibility and sponsor some work on it, please drop me a line at E<lt>otrs@perl-services.deE<gt>.

=head1 AUTHOR AND LICENSE

This package was written by Renee Baecker E<lt>otrs@perl-services.deE<gt>.

The package is licensed unter AGPL. If you did not receive this file, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.txt.
